Is this idiot crazy to want milk?
But just rely on you being an idiot.
To earn 300 million is impossible.
What if you don't make 300 million?
If I don't make 300 million.
I didn't ask about the company.
Hey, friend, can you hear me?
Yeah, he said that.
Never ask about the company again.
It is better to really know that Fengming has a problem with his mind, but it is also Fengming's habit.
But that's okay.
Break the mind of Phoenix
Let him rest assured.
Phoenix, are you sure you didn't make 300 million?
No company management.
Dad, I'm sure.
But the reward my mother promised me, you can't stop it.
I didn't stop you.
Phoenix, what about the money you earn?
Take it out and show us.
For my brother.
Dad.
Here's the three billion I made.
Look.
Take a tattered piece of paper and say he's made 300 million dollars.
Brother, your old problem has been committed again.
If you force this, I will beat you to death.
Well, this check.
You can exchange 3 billion at any time.
Impossible, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's the truth.